That before we can work with our media queerish first thing that we actually would need to do is we
would need to fix this title over here because you can see or hear that we have a just blunt text.
Right.
And since we're going to be reusing this title right it wouldn't be Berrow if we would actually style
it.
So we're going to go back over here and we're going to say this is going to be tied up like this.
And then going to start very simple we're going to say class title and the class title is going to have
a margin this is going to be 10 pixels then it's going to be zero and it's going to be fully pixels
and then it's going to be another zero.
So basically what I'm saying is that 10 pixels here 40 pixels here and left and right here.
Then after that we can have a cursor.
I'm going to say pointer you know like this.
Then after that we're going to have a title text here.
And what we're going to say is this is going to be font size we're 60 pixels.
All right.
So you can see that I'm targeting this text.
Then I have a text transform and this is going to be capitalized again and then after that we're going
to have a color hash tag you this 5 7 5 7 5 7 like this.
Right.
So this is going to be a great text.
We're going to we're going to have a title underway.
So we're going to say title line here and then we have a with first of all.
So here we're going to play with and with this is going to be 50 pixels or here right.
So again this is going to be for the on the line.
And if you remember this is going to be exactly like this one right now.
The values are not going to be the same but the process is this.
So we're going to have a border through pixels.
So I would hear them say hash tag to be more here than this is going to be 9 8 and 0 like this.
And then after that we're going to have another transition.
So I'm going to say trends not transform transition and this is going to be with it's going to be transforming
with four seconds.
He's again right.
He is going to have a border.
This is going to be four seconds.
He's here.
And then we're going to have a hovering effect.
Right.
So basically now we have a transition between this transition should happen and what I want this transition
is as I'm hovering over the whole thing right now.
All this on the line but the whole title.
So I'm going to say here that this is going to be Tyrel cover.
So old the whole class and that I'm going to say title underlined.
So basically what I'm saying is as I'm hovering over the whole title on the line on the line or here
something should happen and that something is going to be with and the with is going to be 200 pixels
like this and the border is going to be three pixels solid red or here like this.
So let's say this here and let's actually check it out and you can see what's happened right as I'm
hovering over the whole thing.
It actually expands and changes the color as I move away my mouse.
Here you can see it goes back arm right and now that we actually styled a title.
Now we can go ahead and style the actual
responsiveness of or hear these phantasm.
So as we go to the bigger screen.
Right.
Something should change.
And what I want to do with this title.
I actually want to grab this one right and actually place a cut here.
And let's just go somewhere before the skills actually let's place it over here in front of them right.
So we're going to say this one we're going to do is we're just going to create more room here and we're
going to start working with our media queries.